README.md, before:

# keybard_ackermann_controller

A keyboard-based manual controller for Ackermann model vehicle

2023-12-13 H.Miyagi (hideyasu.miyagi.ni@futu-re.co.jp)

## Abstract

This program allows users to manually move a virtual vehicle in autoware-compatible simulators such as AWSIM.
Also the program is expected to work like 'teleop_keyboard' for a vehicle with Ackermann model.

## Usage

### run with AWSIM

~~~
# run AWSIM (either on local PC or on remote PC)

$ ros2 node list   # To check if the simulator is alive
  (you should see /AWSIM)

# Run this controller 
$ ros2 run keyboard_ackermann_controller keyboard_ackermann_controller --ros-args -p "use_report:=yes" -p "use_sim_time:=true"

~~~

### run with bare IFB board

~~~
# run on real machine (IFB board)

$ ros2 node list   # To check if the simulator is alive
  (you should see node controlling IFB board)

# Run this controller
$ ros2 run keyboard_ackermann_controller keyboard_ackermann_controller

~~~



Operation Keys
--------------

~~~
    i     <--- increase forward speed (or decrease backward speed)
  j   l
    ,     <--- increase backward speed (or decrease forward speed)

  ^   ^
  |   |
  |   +--- "decrease" steer angle (rotate steering wheel to the right)
  | 
  +------- "increase" steer angle (rotate steering wheel to the left)


~~~~

Press `Ctrl-C` to stop.

[END OF TEXT]

Commit message:

Change default of use_gear from true to false

README.md, after:

# keybard_ackermann_controller

A keyboard-based manual controller for Ackermann model vehicle

2023-12-13 H.Miyagi (hideyasu.miyagi.ni@futu-re.co.jp)

## Abstract

This program allows users to manually move a virtual vehicle in autoware-compatible simulators such as AWSIM.
Also the program is expected to work like 'teleop_keyboard' for a vehicle with Ackermann model.

## Usage

### run with AWSIM

~~~
# run AWSIM (either on local PC or on remote PC)

$ ros2 node list   # To check if the simulator is alive
  (you should see /AWSIM)

# Run this controller 
$ ros2 run keyboard_ackermann_controller keyboard_ackermann_controller --ros-args -p "use_report:=yes" -p "use_sim_time:=true" -p "use_gear:=true"

~~~

#### Use of gear

Currently AWSIM uses `/control/command/gear_cmd` to control whether the vehicle move forward or backward, which the real vehicle uses the sign of longitudinal speed in
`/control/command/control_cmd`. To enable use of gear, set the variable `use_gear` as `true`.

### run with bare IFB board

~~~
# run on real machine (IFB board)

$ ros2 node list   # To check if the simulator is alive
  (you should see node controlling IFB board)

# Run this controller
$ ros2 run keyboard_ackermann_controller keyboard_ackermann_controller

~~~



Operation Keys
--------------

~~~
    i     <--- increase forward speed (or decrease backward speed)
  j   l
    ,     <--- increase backward speed (or decrease forward speed)

  ^   ^
  |   |
  |   +--- "decrease" steer angle (rotate steering wheel to the right)
  | 
  +------- "increase" steer angle (rotate steering wheel to the left)


~~~~
Press space bar to stop the vehicle.
Press `Ctrl-C` to quit from the program.

[END OF TEXT]
